hello everyone you rub rub and I
present to you the full guide
by magic people with Karina in this guide I
talk about the first of all the tables of illusions in
rige for a moment ayrin and the second i will do full
review on the skill shave and all the perks that
there is also a third will discuss ways
quickly pumping illusions if you want
immediately go to some point of the video then
Click on the annotation on the screen or on
time in the description so start with the rocks of
novice and the first spell is the courage he
does not apply allies and gives them
little extra hockey players
also does not allow them to run away behind the site
the battlefield is definitely not the most useful
spell
but if you feel like it
some buffs of your companion
use on health and the following
spell is a clear vision of one
points you the way your marker by
my absolutely useless crap so
how it works very curve and radar
always the next spell on top
this rage
it is to make enemies and spo2 wild
the houses do not attack everybody very much
useful thing so how to turn the enemy
as an ally is always good but do not forget
that this narik can attack you
now talk about student spells and
1 slept this calm he explains
enemies that slam life and makes them
then the whole point for 30 seconds is very
useful fun stuff plus everything
allows you to deal with enemies by
alone because we care more about them
ministers than kill all
friends next spell is fear he
reminds purpose that she forgot to turn off
home iron that makes her run off
the battlefield with all legs is about so
as useful as rage and the last one slept
student is an invitation to steps which
Your secrets within the minutes
I want a useful thing especially at low
levels lash enemies notice you heel
the other end of the card to their own general sleep
now to the adept's table the first spell
this rabies it works also like
rage but acts on stronger
enemies and has debts very effective
thing if you have no problems with mom
bearers are an encouragement which
represents courage sau and i
in my opinion it is no longer worth the increased
cinnamon and so I advise you to forget about
applying this bullshit fighting as much as possible
rather and first became an expert it is not
visibility
how do I have a name with her do you not
we see it for 30 seconds which is very good
increases your hidden
of if we manage is
that invisibility falls off at any
Action is worth only you
sang pick up a thing or hit it
very much in the way but slipped equals remains
extremely helpful the next spell is
appeasement which is right
the ultimate calm nightingales that can
be very useful cheerful voices like
Prague to the group and the last file expert
this escape which is transparent
fear ncaa and who would have thought like
appeasement effectively against groups
enemies shore spell level master and
1 this hysteria slept
like after doing cabs old man in
flax spell illusion
this kvass is distinguished by destruction
do it yourself
but the internet will help you save
a bit of time itself is not a replacement
is a slow motionless
concerning countries of giant aloe can
be useful is you are in
relative safety next
became this call to arms connects
courage and encouragement also increases
damage but caste debts is relatively
a little bit makes utility from us
Athena not me doubtful following
spell is harmony it works like
calm and works very well even
despite the very long cass and
last spell this katavasiya
works like rabies and in principle
is very helpful even more fun
Now let's talk about the skill tree and
perks and first perfetto novice apprentice
adherents of the bright suit school elise they
reduced nA nA nego twice on
pink levels if this remove them all
when opened as unlike
destruction will enchant armor free
lucy caste is not much point
Of course, only your build is not based
on them the next perk is arman
animal level increases in out of sheets
on animals the very increase in level is extremely
useful but animal usually occurs
not so often die quickly but it
collection take a wound the following more
useful next pie is a con
narrow eyes which increases level
the impact of chipping on people is already
much more useful since people meet
everywhere and always take on the opening
silent spells make all your
became and silent which is very useful
I introduced myself and I will not say that this is a mast
hev for all but for certain builds
this is exactly the master of the zoom allows
cast slept and illusions on undead
a daedra and a mechanism that is extremely helpful
especially because of the undead so pipe
meet always and everywhere next
perk you are hypnotic
track that increases spell level
soothing masks for anyone could lucy
so and leveling you need to take it
the science of fear and not really doing too
the only thing with tables is fear and rage and
respectively socks and last perk
then the double illusion at first seems
useless bullshit which increases
only the duration but still lives
a lot of mana
but he indicated this thing increases
and exposure levels are twice as well as we
already know the level increase is mosfet on
wonder useful perk pumping and lucy
one of the easiest skyrim and first
the way is to cast stepper excess
always whenever possible u how
digging the sultan yourself is not a goal go when
swing people high you can of course still
spamming courage on your horse who
after pumping destruction took place in
the seat of the circles of hell but it's a way for me
seemed less useful just after
shopping his encouragement can be with you in
groups of people and it shakes the illusion
slightly faster than muting steps
big shogi incredible imba method
but it only works after your first
upgrade on the site
the joke is that after buying Germany
make and lucy legendary say
Germany currencies in place for example the center
In this she for 1k with harmony and Lucia
rises from 15 to 50 so far this
the fastest way to swing level
which i found
and that 's all thanks to everyone for watching and
bye everyone